well he's back from rift rivals
everybody the man of the hour
Peter double if paying housing what I
always do in that what the voice hype up
facetiously yes I'm back from air travel
hello everyone how was Germany uh
well done not my favorite place that's
for sure
I like the food but I feel like it's
just the studio's not as nice as LA
studio whoa there's a Berlin fan over
there's very upset yeah you all see as
fans are here now the thing is like I
would go to the studio every day and
then there'd be like the coffee machine
and I needed drink coffee before I
screams but there's like a hundred flies
buzzing around the coffee machine every
day and this is a metaphor for EU LCS
good we're good no no it's just that's
just my personal experience there I not
only flies in my coffee yeah apparently
you're LCS players too well I'm guessing
that no one in there uses the coffee
machine or something I don't know what's
happening yeah can I make that the
headline I went to you LCS and there
were a hundred flies buzzing around the
coffee machine I don't think the
European fans would initiate that did
the European fans appreciate when you
called out their bot lanes Oh a I
don't mind that's a good point I think I
lost all my you know my European fans
anyway so it doesn't really matter at
this point well let's talk about that so
this was your savage brutal remark
what's it calculated or whenever you get
interviewed do you just you just throw
it out there I think I was just doing
pretty good it took me a while to get
back to feeling like I'm actually a good
player cuz off the break the first few
weeks of LCS I was like I feel like
personally I was playing pretty good but
it was like I was never put in a
position where I could like really pop
off and and really show that I was good
I was more just like an extension of the
team and then my you know the meta was
not really part of my focus at the time
so yeah I feel like when you play blow
resources it's hard to shine so I was
not really sure if I was actually good
and then around the time of trebles I
was like I think I got a lot of good
habits down and like learned a lot so
then I felt comfortable - whoa
I was loved then I felt comfortable to
touch it because I knew I was going to
beat them yeah and you did yeah that was
like an easy yeah there was a people
spamming and twitch at rift rivals
finals whenever you guys are playing oh
yeah that was not much of a finals too
sure I think you all was probably more
intense in this game
Wow was you all intense in your mind
yeah actually I think you almost like
I'm a wild-card team where they can just
throw some crazy curveball you and then
you feel like wow their wind condition
is so clear it's like it's time to back
line and like if they pull that off
they're going to win so I think you all
definitely they know that maybe they
can't win the game standard but they can
win the game through like creating a
wind condition in their team comp and
then playing to that and like even
though if you're the if like we feel
like we're the better team we should be
able to play against that we just don't
have a lot of experience doing that
where like they have a lot of experience
doing something weird and we're used to
playing standard aren't you supposed to
be learning how to play weird stuff
because you want to prep for worlds yeah
I think we were definitely more we have
more variety in our comps and like we
can adapt a lot easier game to game
because we're not just doing the same
every game and like trying to I
don't know just trying to like perfect
one thing that's definitely not a good
idea for worlds yeah now I also want to
just talk to you about coming back from
Germany because I was kind of worried
that I heard that a lot of players were
going to be sick and you know you guys
would miss practice in reflection how
much of a disruption was referals and
are you glad that you win it went there
because I know some players were
probably not as happy to you know in the
middle of the split get up and go to
Germany uh I think few of our players
got sick and then dub week before riff
travels I was sick so I think I might be
insisting got like good from that or
something but I don't know we I've been
playing like in scrims for this
whole week so I think part of it is jet
lag and part of it is just like we came
off this tournament and that was like a
lot of mental energy expended and yeah I
don't know it definitely took it our
head team took a hit and like it doesn't
show in the p1 game because it was just
a 2-0 but I think in the long term it
our team a little bit we'll see we'll
see do you think you gain anything from
playing against the EU teams not in this
particular tournament not really not
okay not that much is that you holding
back from trying to be me I mean like
they got rolled so it was like we're
playing against worst teams than we
would have if we just sat at home and
screamed like that right at thread that
was like I feel like rift rivals is
terrible for EU because they're just
going to stomp on it it was actually the
opposite I get mean so hard to that that
was great but it's interestingly enough
it does sound like the opposite was true
for North America where you feel like na
didn't gain much from it yeah I think
Europe was confused at the per that
exact patch they didn't know what was
what to do so then we like kind of went
over there and it's almost like we
taught them what to do and for us it's
not super useful but maybe if the Metis
which is where their style that they
were playing that was bad for that patch
was good then maybe like we can
incorporate those elements into our play
but it's not useful right now and I
don't see it being useful in the future
either and right alright so some really
weird giant patch before world so who
know this is a new one dude it's like
they didn't even play test this patch
honestly like this new patch is just so
insanely like why just why I saw I saw
Soren expressing similar feelings on
Twitter like if they did play test this
patch then I want to talk to each
individual play tester and just ask them
like what are your thoughts on this
because everyone's just dying in two
seconds and it's just so stupid like the
game is just so stupid that we'll see
like I just want to watch LCS on this
because it's just going to be a fiesta
every game do you think that do you
think that we're going to see any quick
adjustments for it or is this going to
hang out like this for a while I think
after LCS when there's like 50 kilograms
every game or just like hard snowball
just shoot on that image team if you get
one lead then right it's gonna watch
those games and be like wait I think we
messed up so before then I don't know
like in soloqueue there's some very
clear opie champions I don't want to
name like Riot peeling out for letting
out of your your accomodated they're
just jumping he's already making League
of Legends too it's
it's not repairable no uh like yeah the
the game is just like I think it's
probably one of the dumbest most dumbed
down versions of the game I've seen in a
while this is a this is the most vocal
you've ever been like like of hatchet
sitting through the patch is so good
right now
there's so many junglers there's so many
carries being played there's a lot of
mid laners I guess assassins really
aren't that viable right now but like I
think every girl has a lot of diversity
and everyone was really happy with the
game and then they just like made this
oh my god like just just watch mark why
where's like you watch one game and two
people get dusk laid and like somebody
will just die without even being able to
like casting ability they'll just die
it's so stupid
very dodaf style yeah very DOTA style
yeah I give you that's what maybe right
before TI they're trying to create a
game for the dota fans to check out -
yeah I mean maybe my maybe my experience
so far in soloqueue is a very extreme
version of this but I can definitely see
it's either soloqueue is the extreme or
or pros again people take these new
items with lethality changes to the
extreme alright so wrapping up a little
bit of personal conversation okay so for
SoCal V's wedding it's next weekend you
can't make it to the ceremony we've
already gone on about this I yeah I know
you're sad but that's how committed you
are to LCS right and then and then wow
we are never doing an interview next to
the road again
and but you're going to try to make it a
reception I've told Cal B's you don't
say that bonnie is coming but when I
talked to Bonnie she said I don't even
know Peter didn't tell me he's buying me
a ticket or whatever so I don't know
what's happening she's very confused and
I'm worried about a situation going in
the interview yeah because this is we
need to address this on record for
Kelly's purposes I'm gonna buy Bonnie a
ticket we're gonna figure it out this
weekend and I'm gonna buy a ticket for
the reception so what I'm missing my
best friend's wedding ceremony for you
guys my best friend by the way my best
friend and what okay let's discuss this
you claim the he's your best friend's
yet I am the best man and I'm making the
ceremony because I can't make any of the
things I'm busy
you're unemployed
Oh oh yeah that's I was I was I made all
these commitments before I was in my
best friend yeah what's up but I you
know I feel like we're also best friends
but a being the way you're going to
treat Calvi I really gotta do it let's
see what's it do - Vegas yeah uh I'm
just showing you what open is that what
you're going to see the Calvi like oh
man I told you sorry they didn't show up
for your ceremony after you made me a
groomsman no oh you know what we
hilarious do you think we could get you
know the cardboard cutout that they have
of you from like season four we can put
that on and believe you appropriate for
the wedding yeah parent I think kelpies
parents and Brittany students will
really enjoyed that but that at the end
of the groomsmen line so that what
you're still on stage definitely will
need to pin on like a little fake suit
or tux I look pretty good in that cutout
I think it's a good picture of me yeah
you've had like a hair right here the
entire time and it's a stray week there
we go
thank you yeah no worries all right so
what's next what are you doing now uh we
have scrims on else--if days and then
hang out with Bonnie and then I don't
know just hanging out with Bonnie
basically negate those crimps yeah
exactly can't goes out so so you'll be
on the same level tomorrow now you
I think I don't know the soul which is
useless on this patch actually because
what they called it's just totally
different yeah blame the patch is there
anything you want to say to the fans out
there who are more your best friends
than your real best friend
Kelby who is not actually about Frank
administration oh dude I'm sorry I
killed yet I wish I could make your
wedding ah not much just thanks to God
thanks to all the supporters and I think
rift rivals was hype because the
community like really supported us and
had nice things to say about us after it
and for us if like if you guys weren't
so vocal about that I don't think we
would have a positive attitude about
rift rivals so yeah I just a big shout
out to all the fans cool thank you so
much for the interview
have fun screaming have fun the fawni
and i'll see you at the reception next
week indeed yeah you check out the rest
of our coverage of all things
doublelift here on my youtube
channel not at that other place you
might not know this but doublelift
actually still charges me for every
interview that I do with them $5,000
when I was working at a major media
company this wasn't an issue but it is
now so if you want to help me out with
this you can run up for - Travis Khafre
comm slash support